it/unisalento/brokerapp/DTOclasses/OfferTreatsDTO.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.DTOclasses.OfferTreatsDTO
it/unisalento/brokerapp/iservices/IOfferService.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.iservices.IOfferService
it/unisalento/brokerapp/exceptions/SavingOfferException.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.exceptions.SavingOfferException
it/unisalento/brokerapp/serviceImpl/UserServiceImpl.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.serviceImpl.UserServiceImpl
it/unisalento/brokerapp/DTOclasses/TreatsDTO.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.DTOclasses.TreatsDTO
it/unisalento/brokerapp/restcontrollers/UserRestController.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.restcontrollers.UserRestController
it/unisalento/brokerapp/domainClasses/Treats.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.domainClasses.Treats
it/unisalento/brokerapp/DTOclasses/UserDTO.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.DTOclasses.UserDTO
it/unisalento/brokerapp/serviceImpl/OfferTreatsServiceImpl.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.serviceImpl.OfferTreatsServiceImpl
it/unisalento/brokerapp/restcontrollers/OfferRestController.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.restcontrollers.OfferRestController
it/unisalento/brokerapp/restcontrollers/VectorRestController.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.restcontrollers.VectorRestController
it/unisalento/brokerapp/exceptions/CompanyNotFoundException.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.exceptions.CompanyNotFoundException
it/unisalento/brokerapp/domainClasses/Offer.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.domainClasses.Offer
it/unisalento/brokerapp/exceptions/SavingUserException.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.exceptions.SavingUserException
it/unisalento/brokerapp/serviceImpl/OfferVectorServiceImpl.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.serviceImpl.OfferVectorServiceImpl
it/unisalento/brokerapp/restcontrollers/TreatsRestController.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.restcontrollers.TreatsRestController
it/unisalento/brokerapp/domainClasses/User.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.domainClasses.User
it/unisalento/brokerapp/iservices/IVectorService.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.iservices.IVectorService
it/unisalento/brokerapp/exceptions/OfferNotFoundException.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.exceptions.OfferNotFoundException
it/unisalento/brokerapp/domainClasses/Company.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.domainClasses.Company
it/unisalento/brokerapp/restcontrollers/OfferTreatsRestController.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.restcontrollers.OfferTreatsRestController
it/unisalento/brokerapp/iservices/IUserService.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.iservices.IUserService
it/unisalento/brokerapp/DTOclasses/OfferVectorDTO.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.DTOclasses.OfferVectorDTO
it/unisalento/brokerapp/serviceImpl/TreatsServiceImpl.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.serviceImpl.TreatsServiceImpl
it/unisalento/brokerapp/exceptions/OfferTreatsNotFoundException.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.exceptions.OfferTreatsNotFoundException
it/unisalento/brokerapp/serviceImpl/VectorServiceImpl.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.serviceImpl.VectorServiceImpl
it/unisalento/brokerapp/iservices/ITreatsService.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.iservices.ITreatsService
it/unisalento/brokerapp/restcontrollers/CompanyRestController.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.restcontrollers.CompanyRestController
it/unisalento/brokerapp/BrokerAppApplication.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.BrokerAppApplication
it/unisalento/brokerapp/exceptions/SavingVectorException.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.exceptions.SavingVectorException
it/unisalento/brokerapp/exceptions/VectorNotFoundException.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.exceptions.VectorNotFoundException
it/unisalento/brokerapp/domainClasses/OfferVector.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.domainClasses.OfferVector
it/unisalento/brokerapp/DTOclasses/OfferDTO.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.DTOclasses.OfferDTO
it/unisalento/brokerapp/DTOclasses/Vector.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.DTOclasses.Vector
it/unisalento/brokerapp/exceptions/UserNotFoundException.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.exceptions.UserNotFoundException
it/unisalento/brokerapp/exceptions/TreatsNotFoundException.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.exceptions.TreatsNotFoundException
it/unisalento/brokerapp/domainClasses/Vector.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.domainClasses.Vector
it/unisalento/brokerapp/serviceImpl/CompanyServiceImpl.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.serviceImpl.CompanyServiceImpl
it/unisalento/brokerapp/exceptions/SavingTreatsException.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.exceptions.SavingTreatsException
it/unisalento/brokerapp/exceptions/SavingCompanyException.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.exceptions.SavingCompanyException
it/unisalento/brokerapp/iservices/ICompanyService.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.iservices.ICompanyService
it/unisalento/brokerapp/serviceImpl/OfferServiceImpl.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.serviceImpl.OfferServiceImpl
it/unisalento/brokerapp/domainClasses/OfferTreats.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.domainClasses.OfferTreats
it/unisalento/brokerapp/exceptions/OfferVectorNotFoundException.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.exceptions.OfferVectorNotFoundException
it/unisalento/brokerapp/iservices/IOfferTreatsService.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.iservices.IOfferTreatsService
it/unisalento/brokerapp/restcontrollers/OfferVectorRestController.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.restcontrollers.OfferVectorRestController
it/unisalento/brokerapp/iservices/IOfferVectorService.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.iservices.IOfferVectorService
it/unisalento/brokerapp/DTOclasses/CompanyDTO.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.DTOclasses.CompanyDTO
it/unisalento/brokerapp/exceptions/SavingOfferVectorException.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.exceptions.SavingOfferVectorException
it/unisalento/brokerapp/configurations/WebAppConfig.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.configurations.WebAppConfig
it/unisalento/brokerapp/exceptions/SavingOfferTreatsException.java
 it.unisalento.brokerapp.exceptions.SavingOfferTreatsException
